Dashboards first 20 lines optimization (#4084)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/dashboards/tutorials.md

# Tutorials [_tutorials]

> Learn how to build dashboards and create visualizations with step-by-step tutorials that guide you through common scenarios. These tutorials use sample data sets to help you get started quickly, but you can adapt the techniques to work with your own data.

Author: ```suggestion
Learn how to build dashboards and create visualizations with step-by-step tutorials that guide you through common scenarios. These tutorials use [sample data](../index.md#gs-get-data-into-kibana) to help you get started quickly, but you can adapt the techniques to work with your own data.
```
